Is it because of the children or because of the danger of fighting?
If you want a child to live by your side
I can help you
Don’t you want me to take care of you?
Trust me, I think I can help you find it
What is your identity?
What qualifications do you have to say help me?
I've made it very clear to you
This thing between you and me
I already explained it in my official version
Discover everything without your help
Don't measure me
Is it because of the things I put in your way?
Can be placed on my sister
You didn't understand me at the time
I feel like you are not because of what happened before
If it weren't for the vacancies
We won't know each other at all
Not happy after all
It's just a matter of emotion
I am you like me
You may not like me
Why don't you save our court?
Don't give me another chance